How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It's pretty clear new bugs appear in the part of code where we made any changes,
    so as diff command shows only places with changes it's allow us to find bugs easier
    than look for them in the whole source file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file make whatching on any changes more simple and
    comfortable and if we decide to roll back to previous version of a file it won't provide any
    difficulties because we will know which changes we have to revert.
    We also can discard just one or a few changes which are unwanted for us for a file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros are it gives are much more freedom to choose wich chanches we really nead
    also it makes
    also when we make commit we can provide it with a message containing an information
    about changes we just made.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think it's because of Git is used when we work with programm source code 
    we usually make changes to multiply while to achieve new feature or something
    and all these files are connected to each other and our commit should describe
    how multiply files got changed rather than only one did.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows to get through the whole history of all commits and get any commit's ID,
    git diff shows us changes in a code which were made between two diffrent commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Making commits (another word snapshots) of a programm source code we can move through
    any saved programm states not being affraid to break or loose a current state or
    a working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'd like to try working on my current project  and use all power of git snapshots
